add content for set maven settings.xml (#7049)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/plugin-development/dependency-management.adoc

mvn clean verify
----

> If return `Project does not have a parent` error, please ensure set `~/.m2/settings.xml` correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the command reports an error that the `Project does not have a parent`, please configure `~/.m2/settings.xml` as noted in the link:/doc/developer/tutorial/prepare/[tutorial].
```
